# Group 1G [Yusuf, Mert, Burak, Fırat, Ege] Project Meetings

## Meeting on Oct 11, 17:40

Participants: Yusuf, Mert, Burak, Fırat, Ege

Location: Bilkent Library B Block

### Agenda
- Discussing all additional concepts
- Eliminating and selecting additional concepts to be implemented
- Discussing first analysis report
- Assigning group members to a work that is for report

### Action Items
- [Yusuf, Mert, Burak, Fırat] Working on use case diagram, dynamic models, object and class model
- [Ege] User interface and mockup building, a brief research about functional and nonfucntional requirements

## Meeting on Oct 14, 18:30

Participants: Yusuf, Mert, Burak

Location: Bilkent MA Building 

### Agenda
* Working on Github account Readme.md file
* Use case diagram and dynamic models are discussed

### Action Items
* Readme.md file has completed. 


## Meeting on Oct 16, 15:40 - 23:30

Participants: Mert, Fırat

Location: Bilkent Library B Block

### Agenda
* Discussing about drawing sequence diagrams

### Action Items
* [Mert, Fırat] Working on sequence diagrams.


## Meeting on Oct 17, 18:40 - 24:00

Participants: Fırat, Mert, Yusuf 

Location: Bilkent T Building

### Agenda
* Starting drawing sequence diagrams 
* Starting flow of events.
* Defining the last condition of use-case diagram with small changes.

### Action Items
* [Fırat, Yusuf, Mert] Working on sequence diagrams.
* [Mert, Yusuf, Firat] Fixing the bugs on use-case diagrams.
* [Mert] Working on scenarios of the use case diagrams.

## Meeting on Oct 18, 18:40 - 24:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf 

Location: Bilkent T Building

### Agenda
* Completing drawing sequence diagrams, 
* Starting scenarios, state and action diagrams.
* Working on classes and objects
* Division of the labor in the analysis report.
* Possible meeting will be arranged for clarity of the report.

### Action Items
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf] Discussed and work shared left parts of the analysis report.
* [Mert, Yusuf] Class and Object diagrams.
* [Burak, Fırat] Completed activity diagram.
* [Fırat] Working on sequence diagrams'scenarios.
* [Mert, Yusuf] They will deal with explaining objects and classes.
* [Burak, Fırat] They will deal with Overview, introduction.



## Meeting on Nov 11, 17:00 - 04:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf 

Location: Bilkent T Building

### Agenda
* Github connection tried to be connected.
* Control classes started to be implemented.
* UI classes has been started to implemeted.

### Action Items
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf] Discussed on the structure and work on Github connection.
* [Mert, Fırat] Implemented the control classes.
* [Burak, Yusuf] Start to implement GUI classes.




## Meeting on Nov 13, 17:00 - 04:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege 

Location: Bilkent T Building

### Agenda
* Github connection has been done. 
* Implement the Block class and discuss on their movement. 
* UI classes has been implemented.
* Main Screen implemented.

### Action Items
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege] Discussed on how the implemented classes will be gathered.
* [Mert, Fırat] Implement the Block class and tried to to movement with Blocks.
* [Burak, Yusuf] Implement the main screen.
* [Ege] Connect the Github accounts.


## Meeting on Nov 17, 13:00 - 02:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege 

Location: Bilkent EA Building

### Agenda
* Block movements have been completed. 
* Work on the code gathering.
* Some moves have been made in main screen.
* Drag method implemented.

### Action Items
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege] Discussed on how the implemented classes will be gathered.
* [Mert, Fırat] Implement the Block movements.
* [Burak, Yusuf] Work on the compability of main screen for blocks.
* [Ege] Work on gathering the classes.
* [Burak] Implement the Drag object.



## Meeting on Nov 18, 10:00 - 22:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege 

Location: Bilkent G Building

### Agenda
* Work on Game Frames.
* Work on Main Game Frames.
* Coordinates of blocks found.
* The Blocks has started to work with block moves.
* Final report has been written

### Action Items
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege] Discussed on how the implemented classes will be gathered.
* [Mert, Burak, Yusuf] Work on the blocks, Main Frame and it's order .
* [Fırat] Write the final report.
* [Ege] Implement the other Game Screens.



## Meeting on Nov 24, 13:00 - 16:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege 

Location: Bilkent G Building

### Agenda
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege]Work on Analysis Report Iteration 2. 

### Action Items
* [Yusuf, Mert, Fırat, Burak] Work on Introduction and Overview part of the report.
* [Ege] Work on Requirement part of the report.
* [Yusuf, Mert, Fırat, Burak] Work on system Model and Conclusion.



## Meeting on Dec 19, 16:00 - 00:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege 

Location: Bilkent Library

### Agenda
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege] Work on modes, block movements and game screens of the game.

### Action Items
* [Yusuf, Mert, Burak] Work on block movements and findsthe blocks it's true place.
* [Ege] Work on language of the screens.
* [Fırat] Work on revising game screen and good interface.


## Meeting on Dec 20, 16:00 - 00:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf, Ege

Location: Bilkent Library

### Agenda
* [Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf] Work on dynamic mode, database optimization and configuration, nickname control.

### Action Items
* [Yusuf] Work on challenge mode and test it's correctness.
* [Burak] Work on the player class and it's usage inside other classes and block moves.
* [Mert] Work on database systems and it's implementation inside another classes. Work on easier usable database.
* [Yusuf, Mert] Work on creating more optimal system which does the same with less efort.
* [Firat] Work on the nickname control system and fix the problems between screens.
* [Ege] Review TUR/FXML files and fix FXMLControllers


## Meeting on Dec 21, 16:00 - 00:00

Participants: Burak, Fırat, Mert, Yusuf

Location: Bilkent Library

### Agenda
* [Fırat, Mert, Yusuf] Work on dynamic mode, database optimization and configuration, nickname control.

### Action Items
* [Yusuf] Work on dynamic mode and test it's correctness.
* [Mert] Work on usage of database systems in leaderboard and player save.
* [Fırat] Work on time systems, player save and their implementation to database
* [Yusuf, Mert] Solve dynamic model and block movement bugs.
* [Fırat, Mert] Solve the time system bugs.
* [Fırat, Yusuf] Implement the time systems to whole programme.





